Launching the Application:
	Run the CommandLineInterface class. This starts the application and presents the main menu.
Main Menu:
        You will see options to select your role (Student, Faculty, Admin) or to exit the application.
        Select the appropriate number (1-4) and press Enter.

Role-Based Operations
For Students

    Enter Student ID:
        Upon selecting the Student role, enter your student ID.

    Available Operations:
        View Transcript: See your academic record.
        Exit: Return to the main menu.

For Faculty

    Faculty Authentication:
        Enter your faculty name to continue. If the name is not found, you'll be prompted to try again or exit.

    Available Operations:
        View Assigned Modules: Check the modules assigned to you.
        Assign Grades to Students: Enter grades for students in your modules.
        View Student Transcript: Access transcripts of students.
        Exit: Return to the main menu.

For Admin

    Admin Login:
        Enter your admin username and password.

    Available Operations:
        Create Faculty: Add new faculty members.
        Assign Module to Faculty: Allocate modules to faculty.
        Create Programme: Establish new academic programs.
        Add Module to Programme: Include new modules in programs.
        Create Student: Register new students.
        Get Transcript: View a student's academic record.
        View Faculties: List all faculty members.
        View Students: List all students.
        View Programmes: List all academic programs.
        Exit: Return to the main menu.

CSV files
	The data is stored via CSV files that are organised into 3 folders, "Admin","Programmes" and "Students". "Students" contains a CSV file for each student along with the information relevant to their transcript. "Admin" contains the "AllModules" csv which contains all modules available aswell as a "faculty" list that contains the details of all the faculty. "Programmes" contains a CSV for each "programme" that has been created. These CSV's may be edited and wrote to by the CLI.